import and package:
the package aa.bb.cc.dd is just a pkg name,
	classes belonged to same pkg should have this command at the first statement of that file
	if you use this , you can use every function in this pkg without import(static method must 
		use import static or  use class.func to invoke)
    and call this method must use xx.xx.xx.xx.filename  to call!!!


import  used if you do not belong to that pkg,
	import aa.bb.cc.dd.class-name(or just .*)
	then you can use class and functions in that pkg directly,otherwise you must use aa.bb.cc.cc.class.name

when compile , just javac xxxx is enough,
	but when run, you should use the whole pkg's path if your current class file also belong to that pkg
		otherwise , just jave xxx to run

	总结 if use package xxx, then when run, should use java  aa.bb.cc.dd.file  or aa/bb/cc/dd/file
			but your actually file need not under that filesystem 层级

Warning:  when setting classpath,  DO NOT FORGET THE export !!!!!!,  and set your own .jar or class dir
		the standard class(like java/util/Arrays  in rt.jar are in rt.jar which java will find itself when runtime 
		using jre  program, so do not worry that !!

in windows:
    设置classpath以及path  记住分隔符要用分号，不是冒号！！，还有运行的时候要到
        程序所在目录底下才行，因为java虚拟机就是这么干事情的
    env path set in 设置，高级设置，环境变量

String 是字符串常量，String aa = “aaa”； 这个
    是 创建了一个指向常量的引用，如果改变aa的值，并不会改变常量的值


接口相关：
接口实现时需要都使用<Item>来表示通用类，里面除了构造函数的时候不需要，
    其他时候都是要在定义的时候加上这个的， 数组定义需要(Item[])new object[xx]的形式
    内部类可以使用父类的任意元素
    generic 通用数组声明的时候普通就行了，只有new的时候需要那样，其他地方随便用

    iterator 内部返回其他类的时候要实例化！！  
        当写iterator的时候注意 Node<Item> 不是 Node<item> ！！！

    接口可以用来作为引用来接收new 出来的具体实现的实例，这个可以提高抽象性，同样
    降低了可调试性

important!!!:
    in iterator:  if you use foreach loop,  it will first call hasNext, then call next(),
        so if you do something unrecoverable in hasNext(), will be done twice!!!


autobox autounbox:
    前者时在传参或者赋值的时候，自动把primitive转成对象类型
    后者时在传参或者取值的时候，自动转回primitive类型

父类里面有generic时，内部的子类由于不是静态的，跟着父类走，就不需要这个了！！　　implements 的还是需要的

in java 如果要使用comparable  类 ， 实现的compareTo函数必须满足可以比较大小，所以有时候会直接使用所有
    类都继承的equals而不是这个
